I, Stephen, take you, Emily, to be my wedded wife.
I, Emily, take you, Stephen, to be my wedded husband.
I had no doubt our vows were forever, nothing could have prepared me for the heartbreak.
I never expected her to be unfaithful and unwilling to work things out.
I felt humiliated.
How could she do such a thing?
I was embarrassed and I didn't want to talk to anyone.
I read somewhere that time would help me heal.
And just to stay busy, it seemed to work, but I was constantly reminded of what I lost.
Our spiritual goals, the hopes and dreams we had, all destroyed.
I didn't want to dwell on the hurt, but I just couldn't ignore it.
Was I really coping?
Or was I leaving myself open to even more pain?
I was angry, but not just with Emily.
I was angry with everything.
Stephen, Stephen, hey, let me stop by tomorrow.
What I had to say, I wouldn't have blamed time for judging me, but he didn't.
You're right.
I'm Stephen.
I can't understand how you feel, but you know who can.
Do you remember Psalm 34?
I think verse 18 says it best.
Can you read it for us?
Jehovah is close to the broken hearted.
He saves those who are crushed in a spirit.
In that beautiful scripture, take advantage of Jehovah being that close to you
and include him in everything.
Jehovah is a loving shepherd.
When we hurt, he cares.
I knew this, but in a way, I'd forgotten.
I realized I hadn't included Jehovah in the ways I tried to cope.
Staying busy was important, but I needed to draw closer to God.
Not push away.
And when I did, the real healing began.
Even though the pain is still there, Jehovah sees the tears.
Jehovah feels what I feel.
It is getting better, slowly, because Jehovah is close to the broken hearted.
Jehovah is close to the broken hearted.